Three things for new ventures that are  interlocking constraints
Time- not enough time can be supplemented with more Cost and more Resources and the opposite is true as well
Cost-not enough cost can be supplemented with more Time and more Resources and the opposite is true as well
Resources-not enough Resources can be supplemented with more Cost and more Time and the opposite is true as well
Risk
Risk needs to be quantified
Costs
Start up costs?  3-4 months operating costs?  New equipment costs?  Repair costs?
Resources
How many applicants and experienced hires?  Are they reliable?  Can you get temp workers?
Time
When do expense begin incurring?  Can they be started at the same time?
Rent, utilities, food delivery, employee start, dry run, etc.
Controls to manage risk
Plan ad nauseum for finance, operations, strategy, advertising, marketing, training, food and beverage inventory, staffing, training, dry-runs, launch, maintenance, and abort criteria(wind down), and profit re-investment.


 Cost Risk
Risk needs to be quantified
Costs
Start up costs?
Financial Forecast
3-4 months operating costs?
Estimation of Finances
New equipment costs?
Equipment assessment crosswalk to menu.
Repair costs for any existing or new equipment?
Resources
How many applicants and experienced hires?
Financial Forecast
 Are they reliable?  Can you get temp workers?
Strategy, buy in for people that are currently employed.
Time
When do expense begin incurring?
Synchronization or all expenses
 Can they be started at the same time?
Plan the calendar.
Rent, utilities, food delivery, employee start, dry run, etc.
Plan the calendar


Resources
How many applicants and experienced hires?
Bio’s and why to hire.
  Are they reliable?
Track record, social media sentiment
  Can you get temp workers?
Temp worker agency or back ups?
Contingency plans for call outs.
Compensation
Incentives
Profit Sharing
Shift drinks and meals- give away or personal use or both?
Code of conduct
No unaccounted comps.
Security
Prevention Loss
Accounting and point of sales.
Entry and redundant security cameras
Local Law Enforcement participation
Inventory control, slippage 

